# Alpine Fan - PatchNote v0.1.0 | 02/06/2023
## New Features
### New pages
* Home.
* Grand-Prix.
* Notebook.
* Documentation.
* Contact.
### Alpine Fan Package
* Gp sub-package containing the FreePractice, Qualifying, Sprint and Race classes.
* An AI model for the lap time prediction in the strat sub-package.
* utils.colors are corrected from fast-f1 for a better experience
* utils.template and utils.watermark are used to modify the plots' look.
* utils.time is used to compare different timezones.
### Home
* A short description of the project was added.
### Grand-Prix Page
* Adding a map at /grand-prix to choose the grand-prix.
* Adding a dropdown menu to select the year of the grand-prix you want.
* Overview now displays the selected grand-prix's short name and round.
* Free Practice has 6 new plots for each session :
  * Lap Time (s) on fast laps over the session Time.
  * Box Violin plot of the teams speed at the speed trap on fast laps.
  * Box Violin plot of teams fast laps times (s).
  * Race Simulation is the longest run a driver made on a set of tyre.
  * Teams top speed is a representation of the highest speed the teams had at the speed trap.
  * Composed of 7 subplots, the Fastest Lap Comparison is used to understand wher the driver made the difference on their fastest lap, with the delta, the speed, the braking, the DRS, the gear, the throttle and the RPM.
* Qualifying has the same plots except for the Race Simulation.
* Race implements 6 new plots :
  * Race Pace Prediction.
  * Gap in second to the race winner lap by lap.
  * Each driver laps times to lap by lap.
  * Box Violin plot of the teams speed at the speed trap.
  * Box Violin plot of teams fast laps times (s).
  * Teams top speed is a representation of the highest speed the teams had at the speed trap.
### Documentation
* The git Readme.md was added to have a little guide on how to install the dashboard.
* A second page in French to describe the process of the project and how it works.
### Notebook
* The first analysis is about the Barhain grand-prix.
### Contact
* Short paragraph with alpine fan social media link and email.

